#summary This page demonstrates the supported parser features.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

This page demonstrates the various wiki markup which is working (or believed to be working) in the [http://code.google.com/p/wikiwym/source/browse/trunk/lib/GoogleCodeWikiParser.js current parser code].

For testing purposes, this page gets programmatically pulled down to a development machine and processed using [http://code.google.com/p/wikiwym/source/browse/trunk/lib/GoogleCodeWikiParser.js GoogleCodeWikiParser.js]. Last i checked, all of the tags demonstrated on this page work as they do in !GoCo (perhaps with minor layout/spacing differences).

The goal is not to achieve 100% compatibility with !GoCo, but to have a tool which can be used to provide a reasonably accurate preview of a !GoCo-formatted page before committing it to a !GoCo-hosted project's source code repository. It "could" be used as the bases of a standalone wiki implementation, but that's not the goal.

=Wiki-style Links=

Wiki-words are _not_ linked by default - only those in `[ThisSyntax]` or `[ThisSyntax label string]` are handled. e.g. [HomePage] gets linked but HomePage does not. Remote URLs are also handled only if they are bracketed (e.g. [http://code.google.com/p/v8-juice]).

=Source code blocks=

{{{
if( (i < 10) && (i > 1) ) {
    print("hi, world!");
}
}}}

=Lists=

Only single-level lists are currently supported.

  * Item is _emphasized_.
  * Item is *bold*.
  * Item is *_emphasized bold_*.
  * Item is `backticked`.

  # Item is ~~stricken~~.
  # Item is ,,subscripted,,.
  # Item is ^superscripted^.
  # Do `<backticks block parsing of <`? (works as of r35)
  # Can we *`bold backticked data`*? Of course. But not if we do `*asterisk inside the backticks*`.

----

=Tables=

|| cell 0,0 || ,,cell 1,0,, || ^cell 2,0^ ||
|| ~~*cell 0,1*~~ || ~~cell 1,1~~ || _cell 2,1_ ||
|| ^*cell 0,2*^ (LOL! !GoCo doesn't handle superscripted bold, but our parser does) || cell 1,2 || *cell 2,2* ||

=Missing=

  * Auto-IMG-tagging of certain links. (TODO)
  * ???